c:\users\nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\AspectStar.exe
c:\users\nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\AspectStar.pdb
c:\users\nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\obj\x86\Debug\AspectStar.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\obj\x86\Debug\AspectStar.exe
c:\users\nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\obj\x86\Debug\AspectStar.pdb
c:\users\nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\nadine_3col.xnb
c:\users\nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\bullets.xnb
c:\users\nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\test_map.xnb
c:\users\nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\thud.wma
c:\users\nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\thud.xnb
C:\Users\Nicole\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\pew.xnb
C:\Users\Nicole\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\aspect.xnb
C:\Users\Nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\evilfairy.xnb
C:\Users\Nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\boom.xnb
C:\Users\Nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\bigmouse.xnb
C:\Users\Nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\testSprite.xnb
C:\Users\Nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\die.xnb
C:\Users\Nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\win.xnb
C:\Users\Nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\baddog.xnb
C:\Users\Nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\birdie_3col.xnb
C:\Users\Nicole\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspectStar\AspectStar\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\factory_map.xnb
